Shadow - bio (#290)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/shadow.md

+++
title = "Shadow"
template = "talent_page.html"
authors = ["M3n747"]
[taxonomies]
country = ["PL"]
[extra]
career_aliases = ["Straceniec"]
[extra.gallery]
1 = { path = "shadow.jpg", caption = "Shadows's entrance, [MZW+PpW Żadnych Granic](@/e/ppw/2023-09-23-ppw_mzw-zadnych-granic.md).", source = "M3n747" }
+++

* Years active: {{ years_active() }}

> Shadow started out as a backyard wrestler for Polish Xtreme Wrestling (PXW) where he performed as Terry Shadow, showcasing his high-risk, high-flying style. He later joined [DDW](@/o/ddw.md) as Straceniec (_The Condemned_) but only had two fights: at [DDW #8](@/e/ddw/2013-08-17-ddw-8.md) and [DDW #9](@/e/ddw/2013-10-25-ddw-9.md). Dissatisfied with [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md)'s way of running the promotion, he left along with [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) in order to start a new federation, [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md), of which he remains the sole owner. He is a two time [MZW Champion](@/c/mzw-tag-team-championship.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shadow started out as a backyard wrestler for Polish Xtreme Wrestling (PXW) where he performed as Terry Shadow, showcasing his high-risk, high-flying style.
 He later started professional training with [DDW](@/o/ddw.md), joining their roster as Straceniec (_The Condemned_) but only had two fights: at [DDW #8](@/e/ddw/2013-08-17-ddw-8.md) and [DDW #9](@/e/ddw/2013-10-25-ddw-9.md).
Dissatisfied with [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md)'s way of running the promotion, he left along with [Jędruś Bułecka](@/w/jedrus-bulecka.md) in order to start a new federation, [Maniac Zone Wrestling](@/o/mzw.md), of which he remains the sole owner. He is a two time [MZW Champion](@/c/mzw-tag-team-championship.md).
```

In addition to performing in Poland, Shadow has also wrestled for a number of international promotions, particularly for Germany-based Eastside Revolution Wrestling.

> ###References
> * [Extreme Hell 2011: Terry Shadow vs Black Joker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uRpO2Viqlk), a PXW match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## References
* [Video: Extreme Hell 2011 - Terry Shadow vs Black Joker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uRpO2Viqlk), a PXW match
```
